### Meeting minutes March 26

- Metamask demonstration done by Varun
- Need to figure out how to keep the notes in sync per user session.
- Backend needs to be constructed.
- Rishabh to look into encryption.
- Aayush to start with Report. Add meeting minutes and then move to working on backend and assisting Rishabh with the encryption.